I the arrival of colombia bahrain
the photos that we have left to me is that
state ie red smoke superstars
yes that I have seen as as a country to
car towards the colombia national team
a fan come in to give the training of
Take a picture with Falcao the others
children screaming the name ospina
they received the truth as if it were
the best selection in the world is one of
the best practically what is going to
upload this game and that's a subject
interesting this is operational without playing
against bahrain against kuwait
footballically I may not provide you
but what it shows is that Colombia already
is at the level of those old
selections like brazil as argentina
achieved by other parties split by
the matches of the stars equal me
it was one of the pekerman's asides and
I say yes what is
doing because because if you can see
the players are not playing everything
moderate substitute is adapting to the
chelsea are five new players that
for aesthetics will tell the team of the
then selection for best play
against a weak selection maybe not what
that people would like but I do not want to
I think you want to risk before
a cup america put it to play with a
more extensive selection for
dismiss it and those who are there are wrong
have to look at one thing and that is
sportingly speaking they are both
last matches before the cup
america I understand that people are
waiting for a greater challenge
but I
I understand that here we are talking about
business the friendly ones are almost never
for something competitive the friendlies are
to gather the group to do a review
tactically and literally so that the
federation gets silver and it is
putting a lot of money with this is
what man petrodollars are we going to start
to have many matches so one would like
that we had matches against france
find him marias we are not going to have a
lots of matches making through
let's continue being top 5
that simple of journalists can be
have and the last ones who entered
now to support the selection of
new brands coca-cola chevrolet
let's say you needed a tasty one if
that 's true but but go back to
example let's say from last year against
who was the last friendly against
jordan everyone said good
Jordán I know that says serie won 30 no
playing well but the team came in
trusted world that clear falling in love with
the same between before a
losing competition 40 30 or 20 against
a selection is the same level playing
wrong that everyone criticizes between
winning
but we won and it has already happened
historically ever a selection
Colombia before a tie in
the Jews turned us around and the team
he died mentally for the
eliminatory of 82 but I want that
let's talk about the players because
you say there are five new ones and those
five new ones there is one in particular that
I think it's the name of the
controversial and is the player of the sports
that is to say neighborhoods how do you see that
called because it seems to me that there
is the politics of iu in social networks
to all the fans of holy faith saying
and is that daniel towers is Peruvian
comes playing well is from last year
but the soccer champion - santa fe
daniel tower was part of the payroll
titular champion football team
Colombian this year saw a
injury but it has already recovered and all the
world knows that there are actors comes almost from
One year playing very good level
He deserved the call, that is, I believe that I
first the one that wilmar several in my
opinion yes but I there is not a thing and
is that pekerman has it very clear
level 1 equal is important but the
The player's personal characteristic is
even more because he wants to call because in
this match against Peru and Dorón Pabón
it does as every part is flying is
idol in Monterrey but in that match
against Peru took that free shot and not
they called again because they do not call
daniel towers because I encourage
parade events restaurants
judgment the polemic in cardona theophilus
exact or theophilic but what I and it is that
this was the call not that editors
I could play why because you can
look at Carlos before the media denial
came but after the win with the
arsenal but I deleted latin abel
Aguilar has only played four games
between 11 years
in all the problems they have in
these moments in Monterrey is the only
Colombian that does not even enter
substitute then was the opportunity that
many people believed and a lot of press here in
bogota thought it was an opportunity to
directors was not given perhaps in the
characteristics that suddenly also
football does not like pekerman's
soon for pekerman damage do not come out
playing clean first touch the ball not
I know he does not like the moral game so much
Sanchez does not shoot good passes before never
shows a clean Sanchez recovers
like that but it's not the one that pulls out but not me
me there playing old man's lawyer
pekerman not the devil the old
because so far he has
I won all I won with Theophilus in
his moment when he called him in 2012
came that crackling and again blue in
chicharrón in pork crackling
chicharrón that rescued exactly if
then when he is not winning
all because she mother Alvarez balanca
Were several scales because it is not
in this call but consolidated
as a great defender of culture
The only thing that won us was with a stefan
medina that was the last but let's
see art what to call and it's fine
second chance
you also have to be a little fair with
this
monterrey is playing a lot yes by
course one sees the goals of cardona and
the goals of peacock but basically it
ends is one of the best defenses
central ones that there are in the mexican league the
problem is that the team was put to
debut in selection nothing more and nothing
less than against Uruguay that is to throw it
to war or talk that
really well said that is when I
I say
to bring 52 players is also like
save to save is like taking care of
team can put those five players
new and putting them friendly place
you do not know
Uruguay or put a friendly Belgium the
it makes a Colombian like double the
war, war
being a chichi's daughter back but
he also squares his players then
I think the call was made well
of having given the opportunity and the towers
but let's wait and see what happens, I think
with what he has to give me his matches
calm and this will serve to know
what will happen later who are
those that are going to be definitively in
the list because pablo armero
cristian shoe is then Keith Zang to
we all want him to recover but
he has a serious injury
after that, we also work this
boy andrade clear you have to try and
they are testing left laterals
that is a very important thing but
come on let's keep seeing photos because in
seriously I love that the selection
Colombia if you have read the international ones
that not only stayed here but
they want these guys with turbans